reading/Papers/Appending Adversarial Frames for Universal Video Attack.md, before:

**Title:** <place your *paper title*>

**Source:** <place the *short name* of the conference that your paper comes from>

**Authors:** <place the author names of your paper, and separate authors by comma; be careful about each author's first name and last name>

---

**Summary**

> Write a summary about the paper (try to avoid using figures). It should address the important issues of this paper (try to ask yourself the following questions):
> - What is the *problem* the paper aims to solve? Can you explain the problem clearly?
> - How can the paper address the problem? Can you explain the *main idea* of the paper in your own words, while convincing readers that the idea exactly can solve the problem? At a high level, how does the paper convert the idea to a practical system/algorithm? 
> - How does the paper validate the systems/algorithms? More importantly, what are the *limitations* of the systems/algorithms? Are there any shadow corner in the systems/algorithms, yet not present in the paper?  
>
> Overall, try your best to summarize the paper, such that anyone who does not read the paper can have a high-level understanding based on your summary.  

---

**Strengthens**  

> Summarize the advantages of the paper in *bullets*.

---

**Weaknesses**  

> Give a brief summarization of disadvantages (that can have been mentioned in the Summary part) in *bullets*. Do not trust papers in total, and use *critical thinking* (note that this is the *most important* skill in academic research; try to train this capability) to find shadow sides.  

---

**Comments**  

> Give more detailed elaboration for each weakness point, and convince that *why it is a weakness*; if possible, try to give some fixing solution/suggestion. You can also pose some questions in this part.

Commit message:

Update Appending Adversarial Frames for Universal Video Attack.md

reading/Papers/Appending Adversarial Frames for Universal Video Attack.md, after:

**Title:** Appending Adversarial Frames for Universal Video Attack

**Source:** 

**Authors:** Zhikai Chen, Lingxi Xie, Shanmin Pang, Yong He, Qi Tian

---

**Summary**

According to this paper, basic adversarial video attack method which add perturbations to each original frames, has 4 main shortcomings:
1. High authority needed.
2. Unsafe. (Easy to percept because neighbor oringinal frames are related while adversarial perturbations are not)
3. High rate of perturbation
4. Weak transferibility

To improve the method, the paper raised a new model named Adding Adversarial Frames(AAF), which adds a few dummy frames with adversarial perturbations to original frames.

Meanwhile, the paper also provided severial variants of AAF in order to suits different situations including transferability among modules or videos.

The fool rate and AAP of the two methods mentiond abow proves that AAF has a better performance on perturbation rate and transferability, while a worse performance on targeted attack than the basic adversarial video attack methods.

---

**Strengthens**  

1.Lower perturbation rate.

2.Better transferability

---

**Weaknesses**  

1.Did not consider about time cost.

2.A bad performance on targeted attack.

---

**Comments**  

> The paper did not mention about the time cost to train the module, while time cost has became one of the most important things to considered about while training a module.
